Here is where we can put down ideas. Feel free to change whatever you want, or add anything.

Basic Enemies
Maybe we can assign a "difficulty value" to each enemy type, and each wave is allowed to have a higher difficulty value.
1. Gunboat- small, slow, and shitty. Only shoots one shot. Dumb AI. Difficulty value of 1
2. Ship- exactly like the player's ship. Difficulty value of 4?
3. Dhow- faster than the player's ship, but less heavily armored (3 hits?). Fires a single cannon from the bow. Has a long, skinny profile and a single sail that only has left and right tack sprites.
  Difficulty value of 9? Wants to use hit-and run tactics
4. Man O’ War- slower than the player's ship, but more heavily armored (12 hits?). Has 2 sails that look like the regular player’s ship, and 6 cannons on each side.
  The sprite is 32 pixels wide. Difficulty value of 9? Wants to use napoleonic ship-of-the-line flocking tactics

Bosses
Potentially, we could break up bosses into two groups- "easy" and "hard", and have a higher chance of a "hard" boss the higher the wave is.
1. Kraken- head takes damage, tentacles seek out the player and don't take damage.
    The head disappears briefly after being hit and reappears somewhere else.
2. Mother Of All Boats- giant ship that doesn't really move, has cannons that shoot in bullet-hell patterns.
3. Megaladon- giant super shark that seeks the player
4. Chinese Junk- ship that fires exploding rockets (with proximity fuses) instead of cannonballs
5. Hurricane- can't actually be killed by the player, just lives for a certain amount of time and then disappears
6. Moby Dick- moves around the map in pre-designed patterns, regardless of what the player does
7. Spanish Galleon- runs away from the player, dropping bombs
8. Viking longboat- like a normal ship, but it goes at top speed in all directions, regardless of wind, and takes a ton of damage
9. Ironclad- moves in predesigned patterns and fires in 4 directions
10. Ghost ship- mirrors all of the player's actions, can't run into islands or whitecaps.
11. Loch Ness Monster- doesn't attack the player, rarely ever spawns so players think it's a myth
12. Leviathan- snakelike monster that tries to encircle the player's ship
13. Ironclad- steam powered ship that has a ridiculous amount of health, slowly chugs towards the player and ignores the wind
14. Giant Squid- leaves trail of ink behind it that slows the player down, then turns and shoots
15.

Power-ups
1. Treasure- the player's score is how much treasure they pick up, not how many kills they get. Treasure is dropped by killed enemies.
    We may want it to disappear after a certain amount of time, or slide down wind and disappear off the edge of the map. We also may
    want treasure to sometimes randomly blow in with enemies
    Types of treasure:
    -silver coin (10 pts)
    -gold coin (80 pts)
    -emerald (100 + .1 * speed pts)
    -purple gem (150 + .2 * speed pts)
    -diamond (speed pts)
2. Health- restores 1 health: seagull that flies around the map
3. Full health- returns the ship to max health (6): pelican that flies around the map
5. Invincibility- turns the ocean red and makes any ramming attack instantly fatal for the enemy. Also lets the player spam the fire button: albatross that flies around the map
6. Boarding pirate- once the ship is close to an enemy, a pirate jumps off of the player's ship onto the enemy,
   instantly killing it (not sure what to do with bosses) and automatically collecting the treasure it drops: parrot that flies around the map
7. Accurate shot- removes bullet angle variance for a short time: duck? goose?


UI
1. Treasure map- It would be sweet if we made the web page have a tan frame around the game, and make it look like a treasure map.
  Ideally, we could even keep information there (like score, wave, wind) so it doesn't clutter the screen and the game
2. Sea Color- Instead of having a health bar, we could have the color of the sea change as the player's health goes down. It could
  go from the current friendly blue-green, to a deep navy, to an ugly gray. Depending on how we want to implement health, it could
  be a sliding, gradual scale, or it could be a simple three hits, three colors system.
3. Upon the player's death, it would be funny to have a randomly selected, historically accurate pirate fact appear on screen along with
   the player's final score, total number of enemies killed, and list of each boss killed
4. We should probably change the lower-health sea colors to something greyer rather than darker so the game can be played with a darker screen

Other
1. Players should get more points for picking up treasure at higher speed. This would encourage players to
   play faster, and make the game more difficult.
2. Different enemies should have different AIs. Gunboats should simply always chase the player and turn to shoot when they get close,
  but man o' wars should try to form lines (like actual naval ships did) and perform choreographed maneuvers, dhows should sometimes
  run away instead of attacking, etc. The enemies should not just look different and have different stats, but BE different.
